### [See you in hell, Haribo Sugar-Free Gummi Bears](https://www.amazon.com/review/R2JGNJ5ZPJT4YC)

It was my last class of the semester, and the final exam was worth 30% of our grade. After a late night study session I felt confident, but I had to decide between sleeping in or cooking breakfast. My eyelids chose sleep. My stomach later regretted this decision, and after several uncomfortable stomach growls, I finally decided to make a quick stop by the campus bookstore and grab a snack before my test. Since the semester was ending and everyone was going home for the summer, a lot of items were on sale, including the snacks and candy that they kept up front. Being in the hungry state that I was in, it felt only logical to pick the largest, yet least expensive candy in order to get more bang for my buck.

And there they sat: two bags of Haribo Sugar-Free Gummi Bears, buy one get one free. "What a deal!" I thought [naïvely](https//www.google.com/search?q=naive+definition). I would eat one bag before my test, and one bag afterwards. As I walked to class, I gleefully chewed on those abominable little bastards, unaware of the utter mayhem that they would soon unleash upon my poor, poor anus. I sat down at my desk as the professor informed us that, due to issues with cheating in the past, restroom breaks would be prohibited until the completion of the exam. "I'll give you 10 minutes to use the restroom now; this will be your last chance. Any takers?"

The demon bears hadn't released their unholy necromancy upon my stomach yet, so in my moment of ignorant foolishness, I remained seated, still munching on those miniature bear-shaped bombs. After the students wise enough to take the professor's offer had returned, the professor handed out the test. I was six questions in when it happened.

It started subtly at first, almost like a slight tingly sensation in my lower abdomen. I thought nothing of it, assuming my intestines were just doing their thing. Little did I know that my intestines were trying desperately to warn me of the horror that was on the horizon. By question 9 it happened again, but this time it was followed by a sharp pain, as if those infernal hellions had orchestrated an attack upon my colon. I fought to contain the groan that tried escaping my lips. It was at this point I began to panic; something was going horribly long, and I needed to get through this test before it got any worse. By question 14 my worst fear was upon me; the Satan bears' burning, hot, liquidy dark magic crashed against my anal sphincter like a tidal wave. I was able to close the hatch just in time, but those relentless, toxic bears beat against it like Orcs breaking down the doors of Helm's Deep. I knew I wouldn't be able to so much as shift in my seat without risking a breach. I kept fighting through my exam, clenching my cheeks with all my might. Beads of sweat began rolling down my neck. Suddenly, a loud, gurgling war cry came from my belly, and the entire class lifted their heads.

At this point, nothing mattered except expelling this ungodly presence from my bowels. With 15 questions left, I promptly wrote C for every answer and ran out of the classroom. My professor yelled something, but I was too preoccupied with the volcanic eruption that needed to take place before I could find sweet, sweet relief. I burst into the restroom like the Kool-Aid man and, behold, the handicap stall was empty. Sun rays from the adjacent window shone upon it, as if it were a gift from God himself. It took me less than .5 seconds to undo my belt buckle, pull down my pants, and finally relax my weary buttocks upon the toilet seat. It took absolutely no effort to expel this demon. Almost immediately, the floodgates of hell were opened and the damned, liquified souls of an entire bag's worth of gummi bears cried as they burned through my sphincter and into the watery abyss below. I had never felt such simultaneous relief and anguish in my life. After 30 more minutes of this, I immediately went home, dug a hole in my backyard, and burned the remaining bag of gummi bears. I leave with this; do not, I repeat do NOT eat these spawns of Satan. Not only did they cause me to fail my final test, but the anguish I experienced is something I wouldn't wish upon anyone, not even my worst enemy. The only place these god forsaken hell bears belong are buried deep below the Earth's surface.

### [St. Diarrhea's Day Massacre](https://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-reviews/R2K00WGEQIW2Y4)

I purchased these “Gummy Bears” thinking “Sounds like a nice purchase, 5 Lbs. of delicious candy for a decent price.. Can’t go wrong.” Unfortunately I had to learn the hard way.. IT CAN GO VERY WRONG!! First of all, I made the mistake of not reading the reviews before my purchase, and that was a mistake I will live with for the rest of my life due to the trauma I received after eating two handfuls of these. I was excited to try these first time and I will say this, they were surprisingly tasteful for being “Sugar Free” and I regretfully decided to try less than two handfuls within 5 minutes before I had to make a run to Walmart to purchase a few things that didn’t include a stockpile of toilet paper. Within 15 minutes of consuming these high powered laxatives, my stomach was making noises that I should have seen as a message from God warning me, “You should turn back around and go home.” I excused the funny feeling in my stomach, as I was on a mission to replace a Keurig machine that broke from Walmart. Yes I said it, “WALMART.” As I parked my car, I felt my stomach growing more agitated by the minute making gurgling noises that struck me as unusual but I proceeded into the store as I really wanted a new coffee machine...

GOD HELP ME.

I was literally in the middle of the store looking at small kitchen appliances before one loud gurgle after another and then I squeezed out a fart that began as a long squeak to a jet propulsion in a split-second that probably had some people in the store confuse the sound as a gunshot and probably had some of them ducking for cover. As my situation had just gone from a, on a 1-10 scale beginning with a 3, (I might need to use the bathroom at some point, I should make this trip quick.) to an instant 12 (I’m literally soiling myself in the middle of a Walmart with hand towels and shower towels as my only source of fabric to wipe my ass with) I said “Fuck the Keurig” and I ditched my cart and went running all the way to the opposite end of the store to the bathroom while, what sounded and felt like, I had firecrackers exploding in my underwear, people were probably pointing at me while their kids are laughing and I finally made it to the bathroom to find one stall available...

The Hadicapped Stall.

Upon entering the bathroom stall while simultaneously crying and pulling my pants down I jumped on the toilet seat not realizing it was literally covered in urine and as I began opening the flood gates, releasing the evil that moments prior had begun rearranging my insides, I realized after the fact that there was no seat paper and I then I began holding on for dear life while begging God to kill me, sounding off gunshots out of my ass that most likely had people running out of the store..

USE THIS PRODUCT AT YOUR OWN RISK AND ASK YOURSELF, “WAS IF WORTH IT?” If the answer is yes, you should seek a mental health professional.
